DOCSP-41769: Improved bulk write API (#590)
mongodb/docs-java: source/whats-new.txt

* :ref:`Version 4.11 <version-4.11>`
* :ref:`Version 4.10 <version-4.10>`

.. _java-version-5.3:

What's New in 5.3
-----------------

> New features of the 5.3 release include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 5.3 {+driver-short+} release introduces the following improvements, features, and fixes:
```

> - A new :ref:`bulk write command <improved-bulk-write>` that can perform bulk
>   write operations on multiple databases and collections at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Client bulk write operations that allow you to perform
  write operations on multiple databases and collections at once. To learn more about this feature, see the :ref:`` section of the Bulk Operations guide.
```

* :ref:`Version 4.11 <version-4.11>`
* :ref:`Version 4.10 <version-4.10>`

.. _java-version-5.3:

What's New in 5.3
-----------------

The 5.3 {+driver-short+} release introduces the following improvements, features,
and fixes:

- Client bulk write API that allows you to perform write operations on multiple
  databases and collections at once. To learn more about this feature, see the
  :ref:`java-sync-client-bulk-write` section of the Bulk Operations guide.

- A ``ClientBulkWriteOptions`` object to specify different options for how
  the client bulk write API is executed. See the :ref:`java-sync-client-bulk-write-options` 

>   section of the Client Bulk Write guide.

Reviewer: S: you can leave this for tech review to decide on, but not sure that specifically calling this out is necessary in the whats new

Author: i will remove! also wasn't sure it was necessary
